so that brand you're trying to build is
never going to be a real brand unless
you start taking things seriously right
now and if you're even hesitating on
whether or not you have the time or
money to start an e-commerce business
you might as well not even start in the
first place you have to be willing to
sacrifice everything and literally be
obsessed when making this work in this
video I'm going to share with you guys
the key things I've learned after
generating millions of dollars in
revenue and accumulating over a hundred
and fifty thousand customers on the
Shopify platform for my eCommerce Brands
now just trying to build a Shopify brand
I lost a lot of money wasted a ton of
time and made a bunch of silly mistakes
I'm still learning every single day but
those major setbacks help me get to
where I'm at to this day
you know how they say the customer
always comes first well that might as
well be true if you're trying to build
up a sustainable long-term business but
if you want to act like the rest of the
drop shippers that just repurpose tick
tocks make a whatever website and simply
act as the middleman from AliExpress to
the customer go ahead I'm just going to
warn you that you're probably going to
ruin your entire seller reputation you
might not ever be able to run Facebook
ads again and you're likely going to get
your Shopify account shut down
unfortunately customers have a lot of
Leverage when it comes to hurting a
business by simply writing a review a
bad review or filing a chargeback with
their bank or PayPal and thanks to the
implementation of the Facebook feedback
score each account that plans to run ads
will get a score out of five your score
refreshes every week or so and if at any
point it gets below a two the cost to
run ad starts to increase and if it gets
below a one you will never be able to
run ads on that page ever again so this
is a measure to keep close attention to
your score is reflected by three
categories shipping speed product
quality and customer service Believe It
or Not agencies have actually been made
to help you increase your Facebook
feedback score yeah that sounds very
sketchy I would suggest just doing it
the right way with all that being said
the best way to avoid any of these
issues that might arise from the
following is to just put the customer
first let's cover customer service and
some things you can start doing with
your brand usually customer service has
everything to do with the communication
with someone who has purchased from you
or has interest in your brand one thing
I highly suggest to start using your
brain power more efficiently is to
Outsource the busy work so you can work
on the conceptual work email and
Instagram DM will generally be your
primary form of communication with your
customers so going out to websites like
Fiverr and upwork and hiring a virtual
assistant for four to five dollars an
hour will be in your best interest to
save time on those tedious tasks but
keep in mind you should probably give it
a day or two to train your VA to make
sure that they have a list scripts and
proper instructions to know exactly what
they need to be doing for you to save as
much time as possible so I'm gonna put
this out there in reference to my brand
if anyone asks me for a refund or they
say that they haven't received the
product I usually give a partial or a
full refund it saves me the hassle of
having to deal with crazy customer and
even if they are trying to scam me it
might be 0.1 percent of my orders so I'm
fine with losing a few hundred dollars
for the reputation of my brand next
measure and advice to cover is product
quality this doesn't only refer to the
product itself but also the way in which
the product comes to the customer no one
wants to pay their hard-earned money to
receive a white box with Chinese
lettering the perceived big investment
in custom packaging may come from having
to pay out good graphic designers 3D
artists and the physical unit you'll
have to purchase from your manufacturer
you may not realize it but the little
things go far and in this case really
far custom packaging immensely increases
the credibility of your brand if the
videos issue have the custom packaging
of your brand and that aligns with the
boxes on your product page people won't
even think twice when buying from your
website overall increasing your
conversion rate one thing I learned in
business is that you can't go cheap if
you go cheap it always ends up biting
you in the back and you end up losing
more money and you might not even be
able to recover from it because you were
a bit stingy and wanted to save a few
dollars don't even think about scaling a
product until you have received the
physical unit and you can prove that it
functions effectively this leads me on
to the next topic of not rushing the
process the second you start to see some
success it's going to be very tempting
to start to scale by increasing your
budgets and posting more organic content
and believe it or not this is exactly
what you do not want to be doing I've
made the same mistakes you'll save
yourself time and your selling
reputation if you just have a bit of
patience let's just make up a
hypothetical scenario if you were to
rush the process so let's imagine you're
in the testing your product and you get
your first viral video the money's
coming in and the ads are performing
well you're getting hundreds of sales
per week and you continue to scale up
resulting in a ton more volume so now
you've accumulated a few thousand orders
but you're still using that AliExpress
link with 30 plus day shipping times and
that Chinese box the website has no
Custom Design simply using a free theme
you've imported tracking numbers from
AliExpress a few weeks have passed and
your emails are starting to blow up with
people that are Furious for why their
product has not arrived you can't handle
the amount of emails that are coming in
and 10 to 15 of people are filing
chargebacks with their bank and PayPal
if you get a high number of these
disputes the payment processor will deem
your account a high risk account and in
that case they'll hold a reserve which
you cannot touch for over six months so
you've already paid your supplier for
your product and your shipping costs and
you might have even spent money on
Facebook and Instagram ads and now you
can't take out the money that you got
from your customers and on top of that
people are now getting surveys about the
buying experience with your brand and
remember if enough people have a bad
experience the cost to run ads will
start to increase and if it gets below a
one you won't be able to run ads on that
page ever again clearly it's just a
domino effect of bad things to come this
is exactly what I try to tell you guys
to avoid to test a product to see if it
works if it works get ready to
legitimize with faster Shipping Lines
maybe a fulfillment center nice custom
packaging and va's to cover the customer
support for those wanting to make fast
cash and exit quickly you're honestly
better off going to the casino and
that's completely fine you guys have
your own life goals but if you want to
build something sustainable you need to
make a positive imprint on those you're
providing for whether that be a service
or a product if you want people to come
back and talk about the positive
experience with purchasing from your
brand and you need to think carefully
about how you can differentiate focus on
providing value not just the sole
intention of acquiring more money then
the rest will come well that pretty much
wraps it up for everything I wanted to
cover in this video if you made it to
the end kudos to you I'd appreciate if
you smashed that like button and if you
guys have any suggestions any comments
feel free to drop them in the comment
section don't forget to subscribe
continue to post new content I'll see
you guys in the next video peace
foreign